In a bowl take 300g chocolate cake premix. Add 165g water to the premix.Whip the premix for a minute.After whipping add 15g oil to the batter and whip the batter until it becomes shiny. Divide the batter into two 5.5 inch cake tins. Apply drops of batter to the tins and stick a parchment paper inside the tin. Bake the two tins in 160 degrees centigrade for 25 minutes. To make the chocolate lava take 250g of D45(pure chocolate) ad chop it into small bits. Take a sauce pan add 250g of fresh cream.Add half a cup of milk to it. Heat the pan until the ingredients come to a slight boil. Let the cream and milk cool down. Add the chopped chocolate in the milk. Stir the ingredients until it becomes into a dark brown colour. After the cakes are ready take them out and let them cool down for an hour. For making the sugar syrup add 1/4 cup of sugar in a pan and enough water to cover the sugar. After sugar melts turn off the flame. Add 6 ice cubes to the syrup. For the cake filling wip one cupof whipping cream in a bowl till it becomes stiff peaks. Sruff the whipped cream inside a piping bag. For assembling cut the top curved part of the cakes.  Remove the parchment paper. Divide the cakes into 2 pieces. Apply a pinch of whipped cream to the base so the cake doesn't move. Keep a piece of sponge and apply sugar syrup on it. Spread the whipping cream evenly on each sponge. Place the second sponge  and repeat the process even for the third piece. but after the fourth piece add only the sugar syrup. Place the cake on a plate which has curved edges. Tape two transparent plastic sheets together so that it can cover the cake's circumference. Keep the sheet around the cake and pour the chocolate lavaon the cake. sprinkle some cocoa powder over the syrup. Now pull up the plastic sheet. that is why it is called pull me up cake. 